# App name: Trailheads and Government Land
# Abstract
The app contains trailheads and government land across the United States. The government land feature class includes federal, state, county, and city land. As most trails in the Untied States are managed and maintained by a government body, the government lands feature class allows for a grouping of trailheads to occur. The trailheads can be subdivided into four types of trails, paved, dirt, stone/gravel, and other. Users of the sites can edit and add trailheads to the map allowing for a wide range of trailheads across the United States to be included. The trailhead types will be selected from a drop down menu to prevent too many types of trails from existing on the map. Along with the trailhead type, the trailheads also will include a name and a notes attributes. The note attribute will allow users to add any additional notes about the trail, such as trail conditions, if it’s closed during certain times of the year, length, et cetera. The user will also be able to query the map, showing trails of certain types, trails of a certain name, and even trails inside of certain government bodies only. Basemaps can also be changed by the user, with a wide range of ESRI provided basemaps to choose from, such as satellite view, and the national map by the USGS. A legend in the bottom right of the screen can also be opened to show the meaning of land colours for government land as well as the meaning of the trailhead symbols. The trailhead symbols will be coloured based on the type of the trail. While maps exist showing trailhead locations, they tend to be limited on the information provided, usually only the name is given. Maps of trails by government departments tend to be more specific for their land areas, but no one map exists to show all trailheads and the type of trail that exists. A collaborative map collection project based around trail type can be beneficial for those with limited mobility, as a paved trail can be ventured on by one in a wheelchair, and someone who may not be able to climb over rocky trails may be fine with a dirt trail.